#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
amqp==5.2.0
    # via kombu
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   ensembl-metadata-admin
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   ensembl-metadata-admin
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ensembl-prodinf-core
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   drf-yasg
    #   openapi-codec
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
cryptography==42.0.5
    # via
    #   django-fernet-fields
    #   django-mirage-field
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via jira
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via ensembl-prodinf-core
django==3.2.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-admin-inline-paginator
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-fernet-fields
    #   django-filter
    #   django-jazzmin
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-jsonfield
    #   django-multiselectfield
    #   django-mysql
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   ensembl-metadata-admin
    #   ensembl-prodinf-dbcopy
    #   ensembl-prodinf-djcore
    #   ensembl-prodinf-jira
    #   ensembl-prodinf-masterdb
    #   ensembl-prodinf-webhelp
django-admin-inline-paginator==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ensembl-prodinf-dbcopy
django-autocomplete-light==3.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ensembl-prodinf-dbcopy
django-ckeditor==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ensembl-prodinf-masterdb
    #   ensembl-prodinf-webhelp
django-cors-headers==3.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-fernet-fields==0.6
    # via ensembl-prodinf-jira
django-filter==23.5
    # via ensembl-metadata-admin
django-jazzmin==2.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-js-asset==2.2.0
    # via django-ckeditor
django-jsonfield==1.4.1
    # via
    #   ensembl-metadata-admin
    #   ensembl-prodinf-masterdb
django-mirage-field==1.1.8
    # via ensembl-prodinf-djcore
django-multiselectfield==0.1.12
    # via ensembl-prodinf-masterdb
django-mysql==3.11.1
    # via ensembl-prodinf-djcore
django-rest-swagger==2.2.0
    # via ensembl-prodinf-masterdb
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   ensembl-metadata-admin
    #   ensembl-prodinf-dbcopy
    #   ensembl-prodinf-jira
    #   ensembl-prodinf-masterdb
docutils==0.20.1
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-nested-routers==0.93.4
    # via
    #   ensembl-prodinf-dbcopy
    #   ensembl-prodinf-masterdb
drf-spectacular==0.27.1
    # via ensembl-metadata-admin
drf-yasg==1.20.3
    # via
    #   ensembl-prodinf-dbcopy
    #   ensembl-prodinf-masterdb
elasticsearch==6.8.2
    # via ensembl-prodinf-core
ensembl-metadata-admin @ git+https://github.com/Ensembl/ensembl-metadata-admin.git@2.1.0a2
    # via -r requirements.in
ensembl-prodinf-core==2.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ensembl-prodinf-dbcopy
ensembl-prodinf-dbcopy @ git+https://github.com/Ensembl/ensembl-prodinf-dbcopy.git@1.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
ensembl-prodinf-djcore==1.2.0a1
    # via
    #   ensembl-prodinf-dbcopy
    #   ensembl-prodinf-jira
    #   ensembl-prodinf-masterdb
    #   ensembl-prodinf-webhelp
ensembl-prodinf-jira @ git+https://github.com/Ensembl/ensembl-prodinf-jira.git@2.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
ensembl-prodinf-masterdb @ git+https://github.com/Ensembl/ensembl-prodinf-masterdb.git@1.2.6
    # via -r requirements.in
ensembl-prodinf-webhelp @ git+https://github.com/Ensembl/ensembl-prodinf-webhelp.git@1.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.7
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==7.0.2
    # via
    #   ensembl-metadata-admin
    #   markdown
importlib-resources==6.3.0
    # via
    #   ensembl-metadata-admin
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   ensembl-metadata-admin
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via coreschema
jira==3.4.1
    # via ensembl-prodinf-jira
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   ensembl-metadata-admin
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   ensembl-metadata-admin
    #   jsonschema
kombu==5.0.2
    # via ensembl-prodinf-core
markdown==3.6
    # via ensembl-metadata-admin
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
mysqlclient==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ensembl-metadata-admin
    #   ensembl-prodinf-dbcopy
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
openapi-codec==1.3.2
    # via django-rest-swagger
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   deprecation
    #   drf-yasg
    #   jira
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via
    #   ensembl-metadata-admin
    #   jsonschema
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
python-dotenv==0.19.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   drf-yasg
    #   ensembl-metadata-admin
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   ensembl-metadata-admin
    #   ensembl-prodinf-core
referencing==0.33.0
    # via
    #   ensembl-metadata-admin
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   ensembl-prodinf-core
    #   jira
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via jira
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via jira
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   ensembl-metadata-admin
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.18.6
    # via drf-yasg
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.8
    # via ruamel-yaml
simplejson==3.19.2
    # via django-rest-swagger
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   django-autocomplete-light
    #   django-jsonfield
    #   ensembl-metadata-admin
    #   ensembl-prodinf-core
sqlalchemy==1.4.52
    # via
    #   ensembl-prodinf-core
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-utils==0.38.3
    # via ensembl-prodinf-core
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
    #   ensembl-metadata-admin
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via django-mirage-field
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   ensembl-metadata-admin
    #   jira
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   ensembl-metadata-admin
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   elasticsearch
    #   ensembl-metadata-admin
    #   ensembl-prodinf-core
    #   requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via amqp
zipp==3.18.1
    # via
    #   ensembl-metadata-admin
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
